# cs330
New design skills this project has helped me with is understanding the importance of abstraction as an orgnaizational tool and a general work flow tool. I was able to follow week by week and add more to my project, and abstract it into multiple functions and files to more easily understand my thought process. As a Jr. DBA, this helps me understand the importance of documenting my DB's as well as the associated queries. The more documentation that explains what is going on, the easier for me and anyone else it will be to explore my work and add on to it. 
New development strategies for this project were just trying to break up the work over time as much as possible. I notcied quickly that staring at the same problem for hours on end did not get me anywhere. Iretation factored into this clearly as week by week, and day by day, I came back to debug my program, and attempt to add more functionality. I believe my approach has evolved into having a better understanding in how to effectively test different elements of a function. 
Computational graphics and visualizations gave me new knowlege that I can apply to my future educational and professional path. It enforced the idea to keep coming back, and the importance of clear documentation. Unclear documentation can result in difficult to understand code making progress incredibly slow. In a professional sense, this will help me to not just document my work better, but also use things like python and libraries like Pandas where both have clear documentation with a multitude of examples to help users understand what is going on.
